Key,File,Type,UsedInMainMenu,NoTranslate,english
bank_01,POI,POIName,,x,Conningwealth Bank
body_shop_01,POI,POIName,,x,Barely Holden Cars
business_burnt_02,POI,POIName,,x,Xedeffen's Milkery
commercial_site_01,POI,POIName,,x,Oceania Produce
commercial_strip_03,POI,POIName,,x,Stashconverters
countrytown_business_09,POI,POIName,,x,Video Ezy
countrytown_business_14,POI,POIName,,x,Grundy's Pub
diner_03,POI,POIName,,x,Colonel Bucketface
downtown_filler_01,POI,POIName,,x,Doors Plus
downtown_filler_03,POI,POIName,,x,Tort's Law
downtown_strip_07,POI,POIName,,x,No Birds Car Rental
fastfood_02,POI,POIName,,x,Hangry Jocks
fastfood_05,POI,POIName,,x,Evil Boys Pizza
gas_station_01,POI,POIName,,x,Shell Service Station
gas_station_02,POI,POIName,,x,Ampol Service Station
gas_station_03,POI,POIName,,x,BP Service Station
gas_station_05,POI,POIName,,x,"Caltex, Foolworths Express Service Station"
gas_station_09,POI,POIName,,x,Shell Service Station
gas_station_10,POI,POIName,,x,Caltex Service Station
rural_drive_in_01,POI,POIName,,x,Russell Coyts Drive In Cinema
store_autoparts_01,POI,POIName,,x,Supercrap Auto
store_bakery_01,POI,POIName,,x,Tip Top Bakery
store_book_01,POI,POIName,,x,Dymwits Bookstore
store_clothing_01,POI,POIName,,x,"Camping, Boating, Fishing"
store_clothing_02,POI,POIName,,x,not OK-Mart
store_discount_01,POI,POIName,,x,Dollars and Sense
store_electronics_01,POI,POIName,,x,Orificeworks Office Supplies
store_electronics_02,POI,POIName,,x,BJ Hifi Superstore
store_grocery_01,POI,POIName,,x,Foolworths Grocery Store
store_grocery_02,POI,POIName,,x,Moles Grocery Store
store_grocery_03,POI,POIName,,x,Foolworths Convenience Store
store_hardware_02,POI,POIName,,x,Runnings Warhouse
warehouse_07,POI,POIName,,x,Clunky Oil & Chemical Company Inc